Update UG and DG (#110)
AY2021S1-CS2103T-T10-4/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

title: User Guide
---

As a Computer Science teaching assistant, the traditional approach of managing students within your class would be to manually record their progress and attendance.
However, as you will notice after some time, manual students tracking is unnecessarily time-consuming. This is why we have created Tutor's Pet.

> Tutor’s Pet is a desktop application that helps Computer Science teaching assistants manage their students. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tutor’s Pet is a desktop application that helps Computer Science teaching assistants reduce the amount of time they spend on administrative tasks. 
```

Or alternatively, perhaps this sentence can be written in a more user centric manner?

> It allows teaching assistants to record the classes that they teach, add students into those classes, and keep track of students’ attendance in those lessons.

Reviewer: The phrasing of this sentence is rather weird, especially the `add students into those classes` part. I have an alternative below, but open to better phrasing as well.

```suggestion
It allows teaching assistants to keep track of the students in their classes, and record their attendance and participation scores.```

| **Delete Class**                  | `delete-class INDEX` <br> e.g., `delete-class 2`                                                                                                                          |
| **Clear All Classes**             | `clear-class`                                                                                                                                                             |
| **List All Students And Classes** | `list`                                                                                                                                                                    |
| **Linking Student To A Class**    | `link s/STUDENT_INDEX c/CLASS_INDEX`<br> e.g., `link s/1 c/2`                                                                                                             |
| **Unlink Student From A Class**   | `unlink s/STUDENT_INDEX c/CLASS_INDEX` <br> e.g., `unlink s/1 c/2`                                                                                                        |

> | **Add Lesson**                    | `add-lesson c/CLASS_INDEX d/DAY st/STARTTIME et/ENDTIME v/VENUE r/NO_OF_TIMES` <br> e.g., `add-lesson c/1 d/MONDAY st/8.00AM et/10.00AM v/COM1 #01-01 r/13`               |

Reviewer 2: Perhaps it will be better to add underscore in between?
```suggestion
| **Add Lesson**                    | `add-lesson c/CLASS_INDEX d/DAY st/START_TIME et/END_TIME v/VENUE r/NO_OF_TIMES` <br> e.g., `add-lesson c/1 d/MONDAY st/8.00AM et/10.00AM v/COM1 #01-01 r/13`               |
```

> | **Edit Lesson**                   | `edit-lesson c/CLASS_INDEX l/LESSON_INDEX [d/DAY] [st/STARTTIME] [et/ENDTIME] [v/VENUE]` <br> e.g., `edit-lesson c/1 l/1 d/TUESDAY st/10.00AM et/12.00PM v/COM2 #02-02`   |

Reviewer: Perhaps it would be easier to support 24 hour time format (`0800`, `1000` etc.) first before thinking if we want to support other time formats?

| **Edit Attendance Record**        | `edit-attendance c/CLASS_INDEX l/LESSON_INDEX s/STUDENT_INDEX w/WEEK p/PARTICIPATION_SCORE` <br> e.g., `edit-attendance c/1 l/1 s/1 w/1 p/10`                             |
| **Find Attendance Record**        | `find-attendance c/CLASS_INDEX l/LESSON_INDEX s/STUDENT_INDEX w/WEEK` <br> e.g., `find-attendance c/1 l/1 s/1 w/1`                                                        |
| **Delete Attendance Record**      | `delete-attendance c/CLASS_INDEX l/LESSON_INDEX s/STUDENT_INDEX w/WEEK` <br> e.g., `delete-attendance c/1 l/1 s/1 w/1`                                                    |
| **Undo**                          | `undo`                                                                                                                                                                    |
| **Redo**                          | `redo`                                                                                                                                                                    |

> | **View Command History**          | `view-history`                                                                                                                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **View Action History**           | `view-history`                                                                                                                                                            |
```

* Unlinks the student at the specified `STUDENT_INDEX` from the class at the specified `CLASS_INDEX`.
* `STUDENT_INDEX` refers to the index number shown in the displayed student list.
* `CLASS_INDEX` refers to the index number shown in the displayed class list.
* The indexes **must be positive whole numbers** 1, 2, 3, …​

Examples:
*  `unlink s/1 c/2` Unlinks the 1st student from the 2nd class in the respective lists.

### Managing Lessons

#### Adding a lesson : `add-lesson`

Adds a lesson to the application.

Format: `add-lesson c/CLASS_INDEX d/DAY st/START_TIME et/END_TIME v/VENUE r/NO_OF_TIMES`

Examples:
* `add-lesson c/1 d/MONDAY st/0800 et/1000 v/COM1 #01-01 r/13`

#### Editing a lesson : `edit-lesson`

Edits an existing lesson in the application.

Format: `edit-lesson c/CLASS_INDEX l/LESSON_INDEX [d/DAY] [st/START_TIME] [et/END_TIME] [v/VENUE]`

* Edits the lesson at the specified `CLASS_INDEX` + `LESSON_INDEX`.
* The indexes **must be positive whole numbers** 1, 2, 3, …​

> * User has to specify at least 1 field (DAY/STARTTIME/ENDTIME/VENUE) to be changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* User has to specify at least 1 field (DAY/START_TIME/END_TIME/VENUE) to be changed.
```

Examples:
*  `edit-lesson c/1 l/1 d/TUESDAY st/1000 et/1200 v/COM2 #02-02` Edits the 1st lesson of the 1st class to be held on Tuesdays, 10.00AM to 12.00PM at COM2 #02-02.

#### Deleting a lesson : `delete-lesson`

Deletes the specified lesson from the application.

Format: `delete-lesson c/CLASS_INDEX l/LESSON_INDEX`

* Deletes the lesson at the specified `CLASS_INDEX` + `LESSON_INDEX`.
* The indexes **must be positive whole numbers** 1, 2, 3, …​

### Managing Attendance Records

#### Adding an attendance record : `add-attendance`

Adds an attendance record to the application.

Format: `add-attendance c/CLASS_INDEX l/LESSON_INDEX s/STUDENT_INDEX w/WEEK p/PARTICIPATION_SCORE`

Examples:
* `add-attendance c/1 l/1 s/1 w/1 p/1`

#### Editing an attendance record : `edit-attendance`

Edits an existing attendance record in the application.

Format: `edit-attendance c/CLASS_INDEX l/LESSON_INDEX s/STUDENT_INDEX w/WEEK p/PARTICIPATION_SCORE`

* Edits the participation score of the attendance record at the specified `CLASS_INDEX` + `LESSON_INDEX` + `STUDENT_INDEX` + `WEEK`.
* The indexes **must be positive whole numbers** 1, 2, 3, …​

> * `PARTICIPATION_SCORE` and `WEEK` must be non-negative whole numbers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `WEEK` must be a positive whole number** 1, 2, 3, …​
* The participation score **must be a non-negative whole number** 0, 1, 2, …​
```

Examples:

> *  `edit-attendance m/1 l/1 s/1 w/1 p/10` Edits the 1st week's participation score of the 1st student of the 1st lesson of the 1st class to 10 points.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  `edit-attendance c/1 l/1 s/1 w/1 p/10` Edits the 1st week's participation score of the 1st student of the 1st lesson of the 1st class to 10 points.
```

#### Finding attendance record by indexes: `find-attendance`

Finds an attendance record at the specified `CLASS_INDEX` + `LESSON_INDEX` + `STUDENT_INDEX` + `WEEK`. 

Format: `find-attendance c/CLASS_INDEX l/LESSON_INDEX s/STUDENT_INDEX w/WEEK`

* Finds the attendance record at the specified `CLASS_INDEX` + `LESSON_INDEX` + `STUDENT_INDEX` + `WEEK`.
* The indexes **must be positive whole numbers** 1, 2, 3, …​

> * `WEEK` must be a non-negative whole number.

Reviewer: I don't think week 0 is officially supported.

```suggestion
* The `WEEK` **must be a positive whole number** 1, 2, 3, …​
```

Examples:
* `find-attendance c/1 l/1 s/1 w/1` Finds the 1st week's attendance record of the 1st student of the 1st lesson of the 1st class.

#### Deleting an attendance record : `delete-attendance`

Deletes the specified attendance record from the application.

Format: `delete-attendance c/CLASS_INDEX l/LESSON_INDEX s/STUDENT_INDEX w/WEEK`

* Deletes the attendance record at the specified `CLASS_INDEX` + `LESSON_INDEX` + `STUDENT_INDEX` + `WEEK`.
* The indexes **must be positive whole numbers** 1, 2, 3, …​

> * `WEEK` must be a non-negative whole number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `WEEK` **must be a positive whole number** 1, 2, 3, …​
```

Examples:
*  `unlink s/1 c/2` Unlinks the 1st student from the 2nd class in the respective lists.

### Managing Lessons

#### Adding a lesson : `add-lesson`

Adds a lesson to the application.

Format: `add-lesson c/CLASS_INDEX d/DAY st/STARTTIME et/ENDTIME v/VENUE r/NO_OF_TIMES`

Examples:
* `add-lesson c/1 d/MONDAY st/8.00AM et/10.00AM v/COM1 #01-01 r/13`

#### Editing a lesson : `edit-lesson`

Edits an existing lesson in the application.

Format: `edit-lesson c/CLASS_INDEX l/LESSON_INDEX [d/DAY] [st/STARTTIME] [et/ENDTIME] [v/VENUE]`

* Edits the lesson at the specified `CLASS_INDEX` + `LESSON_INDEX`.

> * The indexes **must be positive integers** 1, 2, 3, …​

Reviewer 3: Just noticed, not sure if 'integer' is considered a technical term.

#### Deleting a lesson : `delete-lesson`

Deletes the specified lesson from the application.

Format: `delete-lesson c/CLASS_INDEX l/LESSON_INDEX`

* Deletes the lesson at the specified `CLASS_INDEX` + `LESSON_INDEX`.
* The indexes **must be positive integers** 1, 2, 3, …​

### Managing Attendance Records

#### Adding an attendance record : `add-attendance`

Adds an attendance record to the application.

Format: `add-attendance c/CLASS_INDEX l/LESSON_INDEX s/STUDENT_INDEX w/WEEK p/PARTICIPATION_SCORE`

Examples:
* `add-attendance c/1 l/1 s/1 w/1 p/1`

#### Editing an attendance record : `edit-attendance`

Edits an existing attendance record in the application.

Format: `edit-attendance c/CLASS_INDEX l/LESSON_INDEX s/STUDENT_INDEX w/WEEK p/PARTICIPATION_SCORE`

* Edits the participation score of the attendance record at the specified `CLASS_INDEX` + `LESSON_INDEX` + `STUDENT_INDEX` + `WEEK`.
* The indexes **must be positive integers** 1, 2, 3, …​
* `PARTICIPATION_SCORE` and `WEEK` must be non-negative integers.

Examples:

> *  `edit-attendance m/1 l/1 s/1 w/1 p/10` Edits the participation score of the 1st student of the 1st lesson of the 1st class to 10 points.

Reviewer: The week seems to be missing from the description, same for the subsequent attendance record commands.

Format: `find-attendance c/CLASS_INDEX l/LESSON_INDEX s/STUDENT_INDEX w/WEEK`

* Finds the attendance record at the specified `CLASS_INDEX` + `LESSON_INDEX` + `STUDENT_INDEX` + `WEEK`.
* The indexes **must be positive integers** 1, 2, 3, …​
* `WEEK` must be a non-negative integer.

Examples:
* `find-attendance c/1 l/1 s/1 w/1` Finds the attendance record of the 1st student of the 1st lesson of the 1st class.

#### Deleting an attendance record : `delete-attendance`

Deletes the specified attendance record from the application.

Format: `delete-attendance c/CLASS_INDEX l/LESSON_INDEX s/STUDENT_INDEX w/WEEK`

* Deletes the attendance record at the specified `CLASS_INDEX` + `LESSON_INDEX` + `STUDENT_INDEX` + `WEEK`.
* The indexes **must be positive integer** 1, 2, 3, …​
* `WEEK` must be a non-negative integer.

Examples:
* `delete-attendance c/1 l/1 s/1 w/1` deletes the attendance record of the 1st student of the 1st lesson of the 1st class.

### Undo previous command : `undo`

Undo most recent command.

Format: `undo`

### Redo an undo : `redo`

Redo the most recent undo command.

Format : `redo`

### View command history : `view-history`

> View a list of undo command that has been executed.

Reviewer: `command` may not be the best word to use here since they do not see all commands executed, i.e. they only see commands that can be undone/redone. I suggest an alternative here, although I think it definitely can be further improved.

```suggestion
### View action history : `view-history`

View a list of actions that can be undone or redone.
```
